here's my living room and there's my
tripod and I have my vanity here set up
and I have a chair with a black bed
sheet over it so it looks like it's a
black chair that's some of my makeup
products out i bought these candles
today because i'm going to light the
candles um and you know here we go doing
my makeup in front of the camera there
and then over here look at this mess
over here I actually made this backdrop
with my mommy so yeah we have a backdrop
there and I'm going to be putting this
right behind the chair so it looks like
you know black background and also I
have this mirror here I just kill a
spider that's the spiders guts they were
this fire on here but I have this mirror
that I borrowed from my mommy and this
is going to be the mirror that I talked
into you know mirror mirror on the wall
that's it and i also bought some other
cool stuff so let me show you this I
instagrammed a picture but I bought two
these from home goods and I'm going to
put you know little candles in here and
light them and this is actually going to
go in front of the backdrop so it's
going to be part of my background I am
actually extremely nervous to film this
because I'm gonna have several candles
lit all around me throughout this whole
filming thing and um I'm not scared of
fire but I'm very cautious you know what
I mean so I'm very nervous I hope
nothing catches on fire I'm so nervous
I'm really nervous um cuz just so much
fire around me at I'm gonna get nervous
I'm gonna get very nervous I'm ready
nervous I got a crown I'm also wearing a
blonde wig which is over there I've
already styled it and braided it in
everything so I'm gonna put that on
tomorrow so I have my crown I got all my
jewelry which is provided by cookie lee
my mommy my mommy's not cookie lee that
sounded that came out the wrong way but
my mom is a distributor for cookie lee
and she told me I can borrow some
jewelry just for this project and then I
have to give it back but yeah so I got
some jewelry and let's see I think
that's it for the project I'm really
excited about the backdrop that we made
I'm sad that the the fabric doesn't go
all the way to the ground that makes
them really sad but what can you do this
is so messy but I'm so excited so yeah
tonight I'm just setting up everything
and then oh oh oh look look look I went
to Barnes & Noble today and I bought
dun-da-da-da catching fire which is the
second book to the Hunger Game series or
trilogy book series whatever you want to
call it um i don't i'm not a fan of
hardback copy books I don't know why I
just but they don't have paper back in
this yet I don't believe so i had to get
this one I really don't care for hard
back at all but it's okay i'm so excited
to read it so after i'm done setting up
everything i'm gonna take a nice hot
bath and just read my book and then go
to sleep not in the bathtub but get out
of the bath tub and then go to sleep um
so i will see you guys tomorrow morning
and i will show you the whole production
in my little apartment I'm so excited so
here is the set up its morning time now
I got the candles lit because I want
them to be like I don't know when I
filmed the actual video I wanted to look
like these camels have been used for a
long time so I'm I already let them now
so they can burn a little bit yeah I put
the black sheet over this because when I
film close up the reflection shows the
windows and it just doesn't look creepy
so excuse my morning man voice too so I
put this over here cameras charging
right now so it's kind of what it
everything looks like right now ok so
here is my costume zi long gown thing I
really think this is meant for like you
know an older lady going to church or
something but
it um it's okay it's really big on me
but it's okay it really it's fine it
works still so I just finished the
tutorial part did my makeup it's really
the makeup honestly is really nothing
special I really just wanted to do this
video for the whole theatrical part of
it but um yeah filming with the candles
behind me definitely scared me a lot but
right when I was finished filming I blew
them out right away so mmm here is kind
of like the mess I oh I also took off my
wig because um the wig really really
hurts my head a lot it gives me a
headache so I will be putting it back on
so I can finish the rest of this video
because now that the tutorial part is
done I need to film the theatrical intro
and ending so yeah what do you guys
think of the makeup I really don't think
it's anything special um her makeup in
the promotion pictures was definitely a
lot more extravagant but I wanted to do
the makeup that she had in the movie
since the outfit i am wearing is
resembling you know the picture i'm
looking at a screen shot from the movie
so yeah um i hope this turns out good i
am gonna take a break and eat some lunch
right now because i'm actually really
tired cuz you know throughout the whole
makeup party I have like my mad mean
face on because I'm trying to be evil
and that actually drains me a lot I'm
really tired of pretending to be evil
tired I am just totally drained right
now I don't really understand why but
I'm drain um but anyways so cute let me
show you what we got right now so my
backdrop is still kind of in the same
place I moved it just a little forward
and then i have my vanity here with a
box right here and i put up my mirror
just like this so i didn't have to
actually hammer it into the wall and
when i come up you know it looks like
it's black behind me it's black in front
of me so
and then we'll have the camera kind of
like this and i'll be talking blah blah
so here's my camera set up very
dangerously on my couch and chair and
that's a wrap so here is what my living
room looks like right now yes it is a
big big mess and I'm really not looking
forward to cleaning it up this vlog has
been so long I hope you guys enjoyed
this whole behind the scenes I'm going
to go ahead and edit this video now and
yeah i'm so excited i hope you guys like
it and i hope you guys enjoyed this
behind the scenes let me know if you
guys would like more of these and if you
want more theatrical videos because i
think they're fun and i will see you
guys next time bye